Support release branches based on the forward slash separator (#8903)
PowerShell/PowerShell: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/Release_Process.md

- [ ] Verify that `PowerShell-Native` has been updated/released as needed.
- [ ] Check for `PowerShellGet` and `PackageManagement` release plans.
- [ ] Start process to sync Azure DevOps artifacts feed such as modules and NuGet packages.

> - [ ] Create a private branch named `release/v6.x.x` in Azure Dev Ops repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Create a private branch named `release/v6.x.x` in Azure DevOps repository.
```
